Error checks on all parameters that can be set from settings!

Determining image shift and beam tilt limits

Saving personal calibration of image shift with time stamp

Autofocus at high tilt when far off

The focus recalibration failed to offer to change all

Recheck image shift delay need

X File title as a property or setting

X Modift the montage messages to depend on tilt

TO TEST:

? Resume when OK a macro that was running

Backup when montaging

What happens if a file is open with incompatible image size to TSC/Record settings?

Controller issues:

? Setting up a parameter set that is 512, full field; the latter is already done for complex 
tasks too.

X Allowing low dose area redefinitions and invalidating tracking reference

X Preview button opening Montaging

X Option to shift stage instead of image shift


X Limit mag in walkup during tilt series

X Add Preview command to macros

X check out preview before new tracking ref in low dose mode

check out low mag reference tracking


X When there is a stage move error, think about suggestion to check stage
X position at end of range  (mouse moving, reset image shift?)

X Think about the resource not available error as an interaction between
X mouse move and scope update loop, or multiple mouse evenets...

X Add dose calibration via C2 setting and blank image, and estimate of
X total dose in TS setup, and dose record in log

X Option not to focus?

Ability to store a Z change calibration and use it instead
   - when walking up
   - instead of autofocus

X Cropping in alignment when at lower mag.
X Cropping as a controllable option too.

What about ability to analyze for beam center?

X Add menu entry to set unsigned option

JEOL TASKS:
Coordinate systems and rotation - see if we can make specimen coords match stage coords!
Map out coordinate system by moving to increased X and to increased Y - 
when we increase stage X we see (center) a point along the positive stage X axis
DONE: stuck with wierd inversion so stage fallback would be OK.

Current density is based on fA/cm^2 and 300 cm^2 screen - this is supposed to be checked
Can we calibrate current?
DONE!

Does the slit center shift when it is opened or is it stationary?  This is hard-coded parameter
not a property.

Image shift - Is it right to use image shift 1 not 2?  Does the beam shift work correctly?
DONE - FINE

Brightness: Does CL3 do the job as needed over the mag range?  Does intensity calibration
work and how well does it work across mags?
CL3 IS IT.  CAL Stinks

Focus: Does reset defocus work OK?
How about focus versus Z height?
Beam tilt actually work with CLA2?  YES

Stage: Are there piezo drive or not?
Properties for stage rounding and piezo rounding: if no piezo, set rounding 0
Is stage really quantized the way it is in emulator?  COntrolled by stage rounding
Should JEOLstate skip the piezo update if there is none?

MAG!  Currently it looks up a mag index from the given mag and ignores the mag mode
Is this going to work?  Can they work with one mag mode?  Do there need to be separate
calibrations, i.e. mapping of mode into index?  Are MAG1, MAG2, SAMAG interchangeable
or would some be wanted in some cases, other one in other cases?
Would need a table of starting indexes or # of mags in each mode
15 16 17 15
Then getmag would be given mag and mode for the lookup
Mapping table would be hard-coded to put low mag on the bottom

----------------------------------
Pole touch situation still not clear - "Go on" really means take the record
picture, while it then does not let you actually continue and says nothing.
Huh?  It is supposed to GO ON when you say NO.  Check this.

Besides which it should have some way to reset the pole angle!

Potential desire for tracking at record area - it should somehow recognize 
record reference as valid.

Preview dose sum comes out zero when dose is .05 per picture and it did
a lot of previews

1x3 montage on F20 prescan is blurred (record exposure 1 sec - 0.8 sec drift)

Assign crossovers needs to look at average of table not just one endpoint.

* IntensityToC2factor coming out not 1 in JEOL cal file.

*Montage should allow non-zero starting coordinate, but then the navigator
* is screwed up.

*Document: SimulationMode, NoSpectrumOffset, InvertStageXAxis

* Tietz camera set gain to 1.

* Navigator: change coordinates and registration of images in buffers (but
check what this really means in practice)
